And the last section we need to add responsiveness is going to be or here just Contact Us section.
So again we're going to go here.
Was going to come out like this and they're rules going to have a one rule.
So we're going to say medium screen I say and I know we're going to see men with here and with.
And then we're going to have a so-and-so in six pixels here and they're going to have a contact center
or here we're going to set this play grade like this and grid template columns we're going to say repeat
and this is going to be two.
And one reaction like this and then we're going to have a grid column some grid call them Go and grid
come back we're going to leave it 1 p.m. here.
So now that we're done with adding responsiveness to our last section using says grid we are done with
the project.